README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Vik

My ultimate goal is to help **changemakers** and **creatives** turn their ideas into reality in the digital world.

With experience in full stack development and a background in project management, communications, sales, and operations, all my projects are tackled with a strategic mindset and a can-do attitude.

Driven by my care and dedication, I'm all about bringing visions to life — and exceeding expectations!


___
### Find me on the Web

<a href="https://qualletech.com/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white" alt="website" ></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vikwedel/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkedin" ></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@qualletech" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="medium"></a>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and skills
Updated personal introduction and professional background.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Vik!

I switched from administrative work (comms, sales, operations) to software engineering because I wanted to **build things** (and I haven’t looked back.)

Today, I’m a **Solutions Engineer at [Axios HQ](https://www.axioshq.com/)**, where I support 1,000+ customers and fix bugs and build full stack features with **React, Next.js, Django, and Python**.  
My background outside of tech helps me understand real user needs — and now I get to turn those into technical solutions that actually make people’s jobs easier.

Before Axios, I worked as a **Full Stack Engineer** building event dashboards, static sites, and SaaS tools for creatives and startups using **TypeScript, Next.js, Postgres, Prisma**, and **Firebase**.  
I’ve also contributed to CI/CD pipelines, internal tools, and UI systems that improved efficiency and developer experience.

### A few things about me
- I thrive in teams that value **ownership and trust** over micromanagement.  
- I love debugging weird issues (and the excitement that comes with **finding the solution**).  
- I think programming is a lot like **building IKEA furniture**, just with better naming conventions.

### Tools & Tech
**Languages:** JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, SQL  
**Frontend:** React, Next.js, HTML, CSS, Styled Components, Tailwind CSS  
**Backend:** Node.js, RESTful APIs, Postgres/PostgreSQL, Firebase, Prisma, Django
**Other:** Git, GitHub Actions, CI/CD, AWS, Vercel, Netlify, ESLint, Agile/Scrum

### Currently learning
- Improving my backend skills by diving deeper into Python  

### Find me on the Web

<a href="https://qualletech.com/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/website-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white" alt="website" ></a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vikwedel/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkedin" ></a>
